[Music]
in our constant quest to provide you
with mind-altering experiences here's
one 15 facts that will change the way
you see the world every year the bright
minds in the scientific community
discover surprising new facts that turn
our world upside down who'd have thought
that the thicker a man's beard is the
more likely he is to lose his hair later
I see
mind blown and that's just one of the 15
facts we've put together that will
completely change the way you see the
world now before we get down to it take
a moment to subscribe to our Channel and
turn on post notifications to keep up
with all our updates counting down from
number 15 acne slows down aging well
researchers at King's College London
found that the cells of people who had
acne in their youth have better built-in
protection against aging how so it comes
down to things called telomeres they're
like tiny caps on the end of chromosomes
that protect your DNA from damage
basically the longer the telomeres the
slower your cells age in the study the
researchers measured the telomeres in
over 1,200 twins and found that those
who had had acne growing up had longer
telomeres than those who didn't have to
deal with pimples maybe that'll help you
look on the bright side if you or
someone you know is dealing with
blemishes at least you'll look youthful
for longer number 14 babies cry with an
accent German scientists have found that
infants cry with an intonation similar
to that of their mother's speech babies
can hear their moms voice in the womb
and they apparently take note of it too
dr. Kathleen worm k and her research
team at the University of würzburg
analyzed the cries of 60 newborns half
of them were born in german-speaking
families and scientists noticed that
this group had a clear falling
intonation in their cries the other half
were born in french-speaking families
and unlike the first group they cried
with a rising intonation
hmm I wonder if babies have regional
dialects well the French ones yeah
number 13 cockroaches can bite
cockroaches don't normally bite people
when they have other food to enjoy but
according to the experts at Orkin pest
control it does still happen their bites
can cause irritation swelling and
sometimes even lesions their favorite
places to munch on are finger nails
eyelashes feet and hands fortunately
this sort of situation is very unlikely
to happen unless there's an extreme
infestation going on that causes their
normal food supply to run out number 12
cats have an internal compass hey that's
what you get for swallowing shiny
objects multiple studies have shown that
a cat's brain cells are sensitive to the
Earth's magnetic field giving them a
sort of internal compass that means that
no matter where a cat is it can almost
always find its way home number 11
breast milk can change its composition a
mother's milk can change its composition
if her baby is sick researchers at
Harvard University have noticed that
when a breastfeeding infant is ill it
transmits a signal to its mother's body
through its saliva once moms body gets
this SOS it produces more antibodies and
transmits them to the baby through the
breast milk and I thought we were going
to get chocolate milk from this
number 10 a thick beard is a sign of
future baldness
here's that paradoxical fact we
mentioned earlier the thicker a man's
beard and the faster it grows the more
likely he is to suffer from baldness
later on in life as strange and scary as
it might sound it was actually proven by
French scientists at the University of
Lyon the reason why men go bald is that
the lack of hair on the head helps
compensate for the heat created by a
growing beard
thus the optimal body heat balance is
maintained so that explains why I've
seen so many bald guys with long bushy
beards number nine the cholesterol-free
label on vegetable oil is merely a
marketing ploy the next time you see a
cholesterol free vegetable oil at the
grocery hold off before you lay down
extra cash to pay for it because this is
simply a marketing trick it's true that
cholesterol can only be found in fats of
animal origin but does this make
vegetable oils 100% safe and super
healthy well no not really they have
tons of polyunsaturated fats and getting
too much of those can throw the balance
of healthy natural fats in your body
all out of whack the safest kind is
coconut oil since it contributes to
healthy fat composition number 8 men
also have PMS it's not only the ladies
who have to deal with the symptoms of
PMS men experience a similar syndrome
called IMS or irritable male syndrome to
be more precise it's associated with a
decrease in testosterone levels in the
blood their results in irritability
depression and being withdrawn
unlike PMS IMS doesn't revolve around
some cycle and doesn't occur every month
it can be a result of major stress and
while the ladies might argue that they
have it a whole lot worse this condition
in men often causes family conflicts so
it's better to treat it like an actual
medical problem
[Music]
number seven there is such a thing as
joke addiction sometimes when a person
suffers from some traumatic brain injury
they'll have an abnormally hyped up
sense of humor after their recovery yes
this is an actual neurological disease
known as joke addiction in this case the
constant creation of puns is
pathological
according to UCLA brain researchers who
studied two cases of compulsive joke
making in the first case a 69 year old
man would wake his wife up in the middle
of the night for five years just to
share a joke he'd come up with it turned
out that a brain hemorrhage was to blame
for his problem in the second case a 57
year old man with dementia lost his job
because he kept interrupting the work
process with his constant and often
inappropriate wisecracking well good
thing we don't know anybody like that
now do we Wow what happens if you have
both IMS and joke addiction well
sometimes you get to narrate stories on
the bright side anyway number six
watermelon snow is a real thing some
mountain ranges like the Sierra Nevada
in California for instance hide
something really special in the
summertime I mean what could be more
extraordinary than watermelon snow it's
pink and it tastes and smells just like
watermelons it's caused by climate Oh
monist Novalis aren't you impressed I
could say that which is a species of
algae that contains a natural red
pigment in case you want to see some of
this unique snow you need to climb to an
altitude of 10,000 to 12,000 feet
number five only 22% of people can
wiggle their ears if you can wiggle your
ears then you belong to a very exclusive
group researchers in the school of
communication disorders at the
University of Sydney analyzed 442
individuals just a few of them could
move their ears and that was only if
they raise their eyebrows at the same
time and if you look at the entire
world's population only 22% can move
each of their ears one by one and a mere
18 percent can wiggle both ears at the
same time isn't that special number for
people who constantly complain live
longer oh thank goodness
according to dr. Robin Kowalski a
professor of psychology at Clemson
University people who are on the
pessimistic side and constantly complain
live longer than those who have a more
positive outlook on life this is because
these Debbie downers relieved themselves
of stress when they let their negative
feelings out once they get it off their
chest they feel much less or no stress
at all of course they don't they just
passed it out to everyone else in the
room so the next time someone starts
telling you how much their life sucks
and why feel free to reciprocate and
complain about all your personal
injustice is - number 3 red - cabbage
can change color in different kinds of
water the color of red cabbage can
change depending on the water it's being
cooked in this is due to the fact that
water pH levels differ cabbage will
remain pink and acidic water it will
turn purple in water with a neutral pH
and it gets a nice shade of emerald in
alkaline water test it out for yourself
and let us know how it goes
[Music]
number two an hourglass figure speaks of
high intelligence in a study of sixteen
thousand women researchers at the
University of Pittsburgh and the
University of California have found that
ladies with an hourglass figure can
boast a higher level of intelligence
than lanky or rounder women this can be
explained by the fact that curvy women
in particular develop more omega-3 fatty
acids and store them on their hips
[Music]
storing this fat in this exact area
contributes to a more active development
of the brain and allows it to stay young
for longer that's not to say of course
that women with different body types
can't be intelligent scientists have
simply found a trend a you're smart and
beautiful no matter what your body shape
is and number one lovers hearts beat in
sync when a man is in love his heart
beats in the same rhythm as the heart of
his partner ah dr. Emilio Ferrer a UC
Davis psychology professor proved this
in a series of experiments this might be
due to the fact that people intuitively
developed a habit of imitating the body
rhythms of their beloved in order to
make their connection even stronger it's
interesting to note that the ladies more
so than the gentlemen participating in
the experiment subconsciously tried to
show synchronism in their heartbeat and
breathing during the study and so goes
the rhythm of the
so which of these facts surprised you
the most tell us in the comments below
don't forget to click Subscribe I mean
it now don't forget to stay on the
bright side of life but it's ok to
complain about it